applications: nrf_desktop: Add Fast Pair factory reset (#11125)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/factory_reset.rst

The factory reset clears the stored Fast Pair data, removes Bluetooth bonds and resets all of the Bluetooth local identities, apart from the default one that cannot be reset.

Module events
*************

.. include:: event_propagation.rst
    :start-after: table_factory_reset_start
    :end-before: table_factory_reset_end

.. note::
    |nrf_desktop_module_event_note|

Configuration
*************

The factory reset module requires enabling the following Kconfig options:

* :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_CONFIG_CHANNEL_ENABLE <config_desktop_app_options>` - The factory reset is triggered using a ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel` set operation.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR` - The factory reset is performed using :ref:`bt_fast_pair_readme` API (:c:func:`bt_fast_pair_factory_reset`).
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_BLE_BOND_SUPPORTED` - The :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_bond` must be ready before the factory reset is handled.

The factory reset module is enabled using :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_FACTORY_RESET <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option.
The option is enabled by default if all of the required Kconfig options are enabled in configuration.

> The :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_FACTORY_RESET <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option selects the following Kconfig options:

Author: Can we stick with using `selects` here? This refers to Kconfig `select` statement and therefore is more accurate

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_STORAGE_USER_RESET_ACTION` - The module uses the user reset action to remove Bluetooth bonds and reset Bluetooth local identities.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_REBOOT` - The module triggers system reboot right after finished factory reset operation to ensure proper device state after the factory reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_REBOOT` - The module triggers system reboot right after the factory reset operation is finished to ensure a proper device state after the factory reset.
```

Configuration channel options
*****************************

The module registers itself as ``factory_reset`` and provides the ``fast_pair`` option.

> Performing set operation on the option triggers the factory reset operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform set operation on the option to trigger the factory reset operation.
```
